Please follow the steps here exactly. If you don't, you may be left with 
an unbootable machine (although 'Last known good configuration' should 
make it bootable again). 

1. Copy the driver files that you built by following the BUILDING.txt 
steps (or that you got from a binary dist), so that on your testing 
machine the tree looks like this: 

Xen\<arch>\xenhide.inf
Xen\<arch>\xenpci.inf
Xen\<arch>\xenvbd.inf 
Xen\<arch>\i386\xenaddresource.sys Xen\<arch>\i386\xenhide.sys 
Xen\<arch>\i386\xenpci.sys
Xen\<arch>\i386\xenvbd.sys 
Xen\<arch>\i386\WdfCoInstaller01005.dll
(If you have compiled yourself, you'll need to copy
WdfCoInstaller01005.dll from the redist folder in the DDK) (<arch> is
winxp for XP, or winnet for 2K3)

2. Go to the device manager (Right click on My Computer, then select the 
Hardware tab, then click Device Manager) 

3. Find the 'PCI Device' under 'Other Devices' - it should have an 
exclamation mark against it. Right click on it and select 'Update 
Driver...' 

4. Select 'No, not this time' in answer to 'Can Windows connect to 
Windows Update...' and click Next 

5. Select 'Install from a list of specific location (Advanced)' and 
click Next 

6. Untick 'Search removable media...' and tick 'Include this 
location...'. Enter the name of the directory where you put the .inf 
files, then click Next 

7. Windows should find the XenPCI driver as a candidate, and will 
complain that it hasn't been signed. Just accept the warning. 

8. Windows should load the XenPCI driver, and then give you 4 more 
'Other Devices' - console, vfb, vif, and vbd. 

9. Repeat steps 3-7 for the vbd and vif devices. Windows should then
load the XenVBD driver. 

10. The next bit is a bit tricker. In Device Manager, drill down on 
System devices and right click on PCI Bus and select Update Driver. 

11. Select 'No, not this time' in answer to 'Can Windows connect to 
Windows Update...' and click Next 

12. Select 'Install from a list or specific location (Advanced)' and 
click Next 

13. This time, select 'Don't search. I will choose the driver to 
install' and click Next 

14. Click 'Have Disk' and go to the locaton where you put the .inf 
files. 

15. Select the 'Xen PCI Device Hider Driver' (I know, it's a stupid 
name) and install it, again accepting the unsigned driver warning. 

16. edit your boot.ini to look something like this: 

" [boot loader] timeout=30 
default=multi(0)disk(0)rdisk(0)partition(1)\WINDOWS [operating systems] 
multi(0)disk(0)rdisk(0)partition(1)\WINDOWS="Windows Server 2003, 
Enterprise" /noexecute=optout /fastdetect 
multi(0)disk(0)rdisk(0)partition(1)\WINDOWS="Windows Server 2003, 
Enterprise, GPLPV" /noexecute=optout /fastdetect /gplpv " 

17. The main thing in the above step is that you have a line with /gplpv 
on the end. This tells the PV device (vbd, vif) drivers to activate,
otherwise they will pretty much sit silent.

18. Reboot and select the /gplpv entry. If it doesn't work then email me 
(james.harper@bendigoit.com.au) with some details and i'll see what I can
do. 

Without the /gplpv option specified, the xenvbd driver will only pick up 
on devices you have added since boot, so you can still test it without 
specifying /gplpv and doing something like the following in Dom0: 

" xm block-attach mywindowsdomain phy:/dev/someblockdevice /dev/hdc w " 

You need to specify the 'phy:' in your xen config file and in the
block-attach line otherwise the backend doesn't seem to publish the block
and sector sizes correctly. 

If you do the block-attach, then your block device should show up under 
windows, and you can partition it etc. 

19. If you have built ShutdownMon, run "ShutdownMon -i" which will 
install it as a service. You will need to change the service to 
'Automatic' and start it (or reboot). 'xm shutdown' and 'xm reboot' 
should then do the right thing. 
